Background

In a typical school, students can move ahead with their learning, even if they didn’t fully understand or learn a topic. This is problematic for some highly “stacked” skills such as math because, for example, if one doesn’t fully understand fractions and exponents really well, they will struggle greatly doing more advanced algebra.

To address this issue and help students understand the importance of a solid foundation, we want to represent concepts students should know as blocks in a Jenga game. A national standardization organization called Common Core has already decided what individual concepts, aka standards, make up a grade level, see this example for 6th grade math.

In contrast to the traditional Jenga game, we do not expect the students to remove/put in blocks themselves - we shall do this for them based on the data we have collected from learning apps about their knowledge. However, we want to represent three distinct types of blocks:
Glass, which symbolizes a concept the student does not know and needs to learn;
Wood, which symbolizes a concept that the student has learned but was not tested on;
Stone, which symbolizes a concept that the student was tested on and mastery was confirmed;
This structure helps the student better understand the topics they need to focus on, as it shows where they have gaps. Additionally, we want to enable gameplay modes that show how important it’s to have a strong stack when concepts build on top of one another. The game modes we’re envisioning right now can be briefly described:
"Test my Stack" - eliminates all Glass blocks and activates the laws of physics, causing the stack to topple over if they have many gaps.
"Strengthen my Stack" - test the student on a random Wood block in the stack to check if they really know it by assigning them a quiz.
"Earthquake" - active physics and shake the ground to determine if the stack can withstand it.
“Build my stack” - predicts how high their stack can be, when we start adding blocks from future grade levels on a shaky foundation. 
“Challenge” - a multiplayer game that allows to challenge other students on pieces in their stack.
For this assessment, we want you to show your skills by developing the first game mode in Unity (2021 or 2022 version).




Requirements

Build a 3D Jenga game based on the above concepts and the following requirements:
Use this API to fetch data about the Stacks (there are 3 stacks for 3 different grade levels)
Put 3 stacks on a table in a row
Use data from the API response to determine the block type:
mastery = 0 → Glass
mastery = 1 → Wood
mastery = 2 →  Stone
Put a label in front of each stack showing the grade associated with it (e.g., 8th Grade)
Order the blocks in the stack starting from the bottom up, by domain name ascending, then by cluster name ascending, then by standard ID ascending
Enable orbit controls on Mouse 1 hold so that the user can rotate the camera around the stack
One of the 3 stacks should always be in focus by default
Add some control to switch the view between the 3 stacks
Add an option to get more details about a specific block (e.g., on right-click)
Show the following details available in the API response
[Grade level]: [Domain]
[Cluster]
[Standard ID]: [Standard Description]
Implement the “Test my Stack” game mode described above, where you remove Glass blocks in the selected stack and enable physics